boldface have a little girl
trouble pressing charges
I get that a lot Holden McNeil was set
in his ways the way he worked the way he
lived and the way he thought love should
be but then she showed up let me guess
you liked her this girl loves me there's
something you should know she got a
boyfriend
well no what's to know my friend and
this girl's got a secret that's going to
drive him crazy I'd really like us to be
friends
what'd I tell you she just needs the
right guy Bobby that's fun now the only
thing standing and Holden's way is the
truth I can't take this can't take what
I love you they're dating a guy so what
if it is true
no yeah no shot at getting her into bed
Miramax Films presents a comedy that
tells it like it beavers she's been
around in the same things you've only
read about in her books chasing amy
you